# Modern Industrialization
_Modern Industrialization is a standalone tech mod, where the ultimate objective is total automation.
Have machines generate and process all your resources while you are flying around doing anything you could possibly
dream of! Of course, there is a long way to go before getting there. Can you do it?_

More information and downloads on CurseForge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/modern-industrialization.
Or Modrinth if you prefer: https://modrinth.com/mod/modern-industrialization.

## Modpack developer information
Please refer to the [Developer-facing Documentation](docs/README.md) for more information.

## Filing bug reports
Feel free to open an issue for bug reports!
Don't forget to post the *complete* log on a website like Pastebin or Gist.

## Suggestions for the mod
The best way to give suggestions is to come have a chat on our Discord server. Link on CurseForge!

## Contributing translations
All translations must go in `src/main/resources/assets/modern_industrialization/lang/`,
except the reference `en_us` translation which is autogenerated and can be found [here](src/generated/resources/assets/modern_industrialization/lang/en_us.json).

### For a new language
Copy the reference `en_us` file and rename it to the language code of your language.
Then, translate all the strings.

### For an existing language
Missing or unused translations for existing languages can be found [here](src/generated/resources/assets/modern_industrialization/lang/untranslated).
To add missing and remove unused translations for your language,
copy the relevant file from that folder to the main language folder,
and modify it to remove the erroring entries.

## Creating an addon for Modern Industrialization
Everything in the `aztechmc.modern_industrialization.api` package is the stable public API.
It will not change during a major Minecraft version, except for members marked as `@ApiStatus.Internal`.

The API is still a bit rough, and we are open to suggestions.
If you need more things to be exposed please come discuss the features you need on our Discord.
The link is on CurseForge.

## License
The code is under the MIT license.

The assets are all under CC0. Many textures are original, and for many we adjusted the work of others. Thanks go to:
- GregoriusT for the original GregTech textures,
- Falkory for redoing many textures,
- Spool for some of the crafting component textures,
- VirtualLilith for the rotary blade texture.
